<center>Ted Wood</center>

=========================

##### | 404.667.1561 | Ted.L.Wood@gmail.com |

#### Production Engineer

*Innovation - Automation - Uptime*

Self taught and motivated professional consistently recognized for providing
high level technical expertise and creative solutions to hard, large scale
problems. Proficiency with Kubernetes, Unix operating systems and Puppet as
well as Jenkins and Terraform for automating cloud infrastructure.

Business Skills
---------------------------------------

##### Terraform and Google Cloud

Lead Engineer in the development of a maintainable and scalable solution for
cloud resources management within GCP. Extensive experience working with Terraform
in conjuction with Atlantis and Jenkins to automate the testing and deployment of
infrastructure code maintainined in a shared git repository.

##### Kubernetes

Member of a small team responsible for developing and driving the adoption of
Kuberentes and service based architecture as a resplacement for an aging
monolithic application and system stack.

##### Puppet

Used puppet to manage a fleet of over 2000 physical servers across multiple
datacenters. Comfortable with all aspects of puppet management from module developement
to the creation and maintenance of roles and profiles for a variety of system
classifications.

##### Unix Operating Systems

Over 15 years of home Linux use and 8 years of professional use. Primary familiarity
with RedHat Enterprise Linux (CentOS) and secondary with Ubuntu Linux. Intermediate
experience with FreeBSD for use of ZFS based network file storage.

Professional Experience
-----------------------

##### Mailchimp
*Systems Engineer* -- 2016 - present

 * Lead engineer on cloud infrastructure greenfield project
 * Member of Kubernetes on-prem project
 * Provision, maintain and automate large scale infrastructure powering mailchimp.com
 * Mentor junior engineers and interns

##### Georgia Tech Research Institute
*Senior IT Support Professional* -- 2011 - 2016

 * Maintain the Linux servers and desktops used by a team of over 100 software engineers
 * Manage interns and coop student assistants
 * Develop automation workflows for securing and validating DoD secure systems

##### CareStream Dental Systems
*Helpdesk Support* -- 2009 - 2011

 * Field technical support calls for Carestream Dental Systems Customers
 * Maintain "unofficial" internal XMPP chat server

##### iLearn Inc.
*QA and Technical Support* -- 2008 - 2009

 * Develope QA and Technical Support procedures for a small online learning software company

External Links
--------------

* [My Github](https://github.com/k4k)
* [Personal Blog](http://platfrastructure.life)
